Notes for the program stockimageandproxindexmodifiedversion

This programs reads two seperate stock data, plot its CGR and compaare them using k-mer index.

At first you may have to create an excel file with the desired values along a single column . For our studies we have taken daily close values. 
We have caluculated daily percentage changes (P) and used this value for bin divisions.

The default bin divisions are 

A. P < -0.01
B. -0.01 >= P <0
C. 0 > P <= 0.01
D.  P > 0.01

These can be modifed  accordingly by changing values for variable 'binbound' or directly in lines90 to 114.
 

Input data

Specify the name of excelfiles which contain stock data in 'filename' and 'filename1'.

b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 corresponds to the order of the CGR plots. (default value is 4,5,6,7,8 and 9 respectivley)


Outputs ( In workspace)

no1-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'A'  for the stock data specified in 'filename'.
no2-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'B'  for the stock data specified in 'filename'.
no3-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'C'  for the stock data specified in 'filename'.
no4-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'D'  for the stock data specified in 'filename'.


noo1-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'A'  for the stock data specified in 'filename1'.
noo2-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'B'  for the stock data specified in 'filename1'.
noo3-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'C'  for the stock data specified in 'filename1'.
noo4-Absolute value of number of data points lying in binboundary 'D'  for the stock data specified in 'filename1'.


percentno1- no1 in Percentage. 
percentno2- no2 in Percentage.
percentno3- no3 in Percentage.
percentno4- no4 in Percentage.

percentnoo1- noo1 in Percentage. 
percentnoo2- noo2 in Percentage.
percentnoo3- noo3 in Percentage.
percentnoo4- noo4 in Percentage.

similarityindexmatr- Row 1 :positive k-mer indices of order b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 respectivley.
similarityindexmatr- Row 2 :Negative k-mer indices of order b1,b2,b3,b4,b5 and b6 respectivley. 
 ( The sum of same order positive and negative k-mer indices should be 0).


combinedfrbitbxad- boxadresses of CGR plot of order 'b1' (column 1 ) and its corresponding absolute and percentage values (col 2 and 3 respectivley) for 'filename'. 
combinedfrbitbxad1- boxadresses of CGR plot of order 'b1' (column 1 ) and its corresponding absolute and percentage values (col 2 and 3 respectivley) for 'filename1'. 
combinedfrbitbxadsub -boxadresses for subtraction plot (CGRplot of order b1 filename - CGRplot of oder b1 filename1)of order 'b1' (column 1 ) and its corresponding  values (col 2 ).

(ABCD in adress corresponds to respective bin boundaries , in order use a diiferent set of characters or numerals to represent binboundaries modify the variable 'letters'.)


combinedfivebitbxad,combinedsixbitbxad,combinedsevenbitbxad,combinedeitbitbxad,combinedninebitbxad :- Same as combinedthreebitbxad , but of order b2,b3,b4,b5and b6 respectivley.
combinedfivebitbxad1,combinedsixbitbxad1,combinedsevenbitbxad1,combinedeitbitbxad1,combinedninebitbxad1 :- Same as combinedthreebitbxad1 , but of order b2,b3,b4,b5and b6 respectivley.
combinedfivebitbxadsub,combinedsixbitbxadsub,combinedsevenbitbxadsub,combinedeitbitbxadsub,combinedninebitbxadsub:- Same as combinedthreebitbxadsub , but of order b2,b3,b4,b5and b6 respectivley.


Figures

Fig 1 :- CGR PC plot of order b1 and b2 (left to right)  of 'filename'.
Fig 2 :- CGR PC plot of order b3 and b4 (left to right)  of 'filename'.
Fig 3 :- CGR PC plot of order b5 and b6 (left to right)  of 'filename'.

Fig 4 :- CGR PC plot of order b1 and b2 (left to right)  of 'filename1'.
Fig 5 :- CGR PC plot of order b3 and b4 (left to right)  of 'filename1'.
Fig 6 :- CGR PC plot of order b5 and b6 (left to right)  of 'filename1'.


Fig 7:- Subtraction plot of order b1 (left) and b2 (right).
Fig 8:- Same as fig 7 but of order b3 and b4.
Fig 9:- Same as fig 7 but of order b5 and b6.



The figures obtained  have to be modified in type of coloring and Color datamax values for a better dispaly.Sample template for six bit CGR image and subtraction plot i used is attached


